DOC: Document that GIL must be grabbed (and Py_IsInitialized()) (#140)
dmlc/dlpack: docs/source/python_spec.rst

Note: the capsule names ``"dltensor"`` and ``"used_dltensor"`` must be
statically allocated.

The ``DLManagedTensor`` deleter must ensure that sharing beyond Python

> boundaries is possible, this means that the GIL must be held.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boundaries is possible, this means that the GIL must be acquired explicitly.
```

In Python, the deleter usually needs to ``Py_DECREF()`` the original owner
and free the ``DLManagedTensor`` allocation.
For example, NumPy uses the following code to ensure sharing with arbitrary

> C++ is safe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
non-Python code is safe:
```

.. code-block:: C

>    static void array_dlpack_deleter(DLManagedTensor *self)

Reviewer: You might want to add a newline here to appease the reST parser?
```suggestion

   static void array_dlpack_deleter(DLManagedTensor *self)
```

Reviewer: See CI error:
https://github.com/dmlc/dlpack/actions/runs/8387657417/job/22970268932?pr=140#step:5:156

   {
      /*

>        * Leak the pyobj if not initialized.  This can happen if we are running
>        * exit handlers that are destructing c++ objects with residual (owned)
>        * PyObjects stored in them after the Python runtime has already been
>        * terminated.

Reviewer: This seems a bit over-specific.
```suggestion
       * Leak the Python object if the Python runtime is not available.
       * This can happen if the DLPack consumer destroys the tensor late
       * after Python runtime finalization (for example in case the tensor
       * was indirectly kept alive by a C++ static variable).
```

Author: Thanks, much nicer, had just lazily copied it :).

Note: the capsule names ``"dltensor"`` and ``"used_dltensor"`` must be
statically allocated.

The ``DLManagedTensor`` deleter must ensure that sharing beyond Python

> boundaries is possible, this means that the GIL must be acquired explicitly.

Reviewer 2: aquired explicitly if the original memory comes from python runtime and deleter involves interacting with python runtime.

Author: Fair, added "[...] if it uses Python objects or API"
